---
title: "Error-aware digital twin of a thermal fin in heat sink systems"
summary: "For effective thermal management of electronic devices, we introduce a digital twin of a heat sink system benchmarked on a thermal fin."
thumbnail: "/thumbnails/modsim_project.png"
pdf: "/pdfs/modsim_project.pdf"
---

For effective thermal management of electronic devices, we introduce a digital twin of a heat sink system benchmarked on a thermal fin. The digital twin updates its thermal state through inverse identification, based on sensor measurements of a fin. Because inverse identification requires repeated runs of simulations, traditional \gls{fe} model becomes computationally intractable for this task. Instead, we use an \gls{rb} model which achieves higher computational efficiency once trained. For accurate identification, we propose an error-aware digital twin that accounts for \gls{rb} model errors during the identification process, where the errors are estimated from Kriging model trained on discrepancy data between \gls{fe} and \gls{rb} models. Numerical experiments demonstrate that the error-aware \gls{rb}-based digital twin achieves higher computational efficiency than the \gls{fe}-based digital twin, while providing higher estimation accuracy than the \gls{rb}-based digital twin. After the state estimation, digital twin updates its thermal field based on the identified state, which is monitored using \gls{fe} simulation. Based on the maximum temperature of the monitored field, digital twin applies control actions when necessary. Thanks to the error-aware \gls{rb}-based digital twin, appropriate real-time control action can be applied based on the reliable state estimation.